( playing "Funeral March
\h\h\h\hof a Marionette" )
GOOD EVENING.
I'VE BEEN ASKED TO TELL YOU
THAT THE FOLLOWING SHOW
\h\h\hIS VERY SCARY
\h\h\h\h\hWITH STUFF THAT MIGHT
GIVE YOUR KIDS NIGHTMARES.
\h\h\hYOU SEE, THERE ARE
SOME CRYBABIES OUT THERE
RELIGIOUS TYPES MOSTLY,
WHO MIGHT BE OFFENDED.
IF YOU ARE ONE OF THEM,
\h\h\h\hI ADVISE YOU
TO TURN OFF YOUR SET NOW.
COME ON, I DARE YOU.
( clucking )
CHICKEN.
HEY!
( footsteps )
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMarge:
HOMER, DID YOU JUST CALL
\h\h\hEVERYONE CHICKEN?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHomer:
NO. I SWEAR ON THIS BIBLE.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMarge:
\h\h\h\h\h\hTHAT'S NOT A BIBLE.
THAT'S A BOOK OF CARPET SAMPLES.
\h\hHomer:
OOH, FUZZY.
( thunder crashes )
( deep cackling )
( BACKGROUND CHATTER )
BEHOLD MIGHTY CAESAR.
IN ALL HIS GLORY.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h( all laughing )
HAH-HAH!
D-OHHH!
\h\h\h\h\hI AM CALLIOPE,
THE MUSE OF HEROIC POETRY.
NO KIDDING?
( gasping )
( British accent)
\h\hSTUPID PARTY.
\h\h\hWISH WE WERE
TRICK-OR-TREATING.
NOW BART, YOU CAN FIND
\h\hJUST AS MUCH HORROR
AROUND THE HOUSE.
NOW, YOU CHILDREN
MAY NOT KNOW IT,
BUT THERE WAS ONCE
\h\hAN EVIL WITCH,
\h\hAND SHE DIED
A HORRIBLE DEATH.
THESE ARE HER EYES...
EWW!
AND THIS IS HER HAIR...
AND THESE ARE HER BRAINS.
EWW.
YO, MOM, WE HAVEN'T GOT
\h\h\hTHE EYEBALLS YET.
\h\h\h\h\hHOMER,
YOU'RE RUINING IT.
\h\h\h\h\hYEAH, WELL,
IT WAS AN EVIL GAME.
\h\h\h\h\hWELL, NOW WE NEED
ANOTHER HALLOWEEN ACTIVITY.
\hHMM, DOES ANYONE
KNOW A GHOST STORY?
\hI DO, IT'S THE STORY
OF A BOY AND HIS DOLL.
THAT'S NOT SO SCARY.
A DOLL FROM HELL!
I'M GONNA GO TO THE STORE.
( evil cackling )
\h\h\hAbraham:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
\h\h\h\h\hBART.
THANKS, GRANDPA.
WHERE DID YOU GET
\hALL THE MONEY?
\hTHE GOVERNMENT.
I DIDN'T EARN IT.
I DON'T NEED IT,
BUT IF THEY MISS
\h\h\hONE PAYMENT,
I'LL RAISE HELL.
\h\h\h\h\h\hHEY, HOMER,
WHERE'S YOUR PRESENT?
\hD-OHHH! I MEAN,
DON'T WORRY, SON.
\h\h\h\h\h\hI FORGOT
TO GET YOU A PRESENT,
\h\h\h\h\h\hBUT I SWEAR
ON MY FATHER'S GRAVE...
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHEY!
I WILL GET YOU ONE NOW.
( door closing )
DO YOU SELL TOYS?
WE SELL FORBIDDEN OBJECTS
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hFROM PLACES
MEN FEAR TO TREAD.
WE ALSO SELL FROZEN YOGURT,
\h\h\hWHICH I CALL FROGURT.
WELL, I NEED SOMETHING
FOR MY SON'S BIRTHDAY.
PERHAPS THIS WILL PLEASE
\h\h\h\h\hTHE GENTLEMAN.
( heart beating )
TAKE THIS OBJECT.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBUT BEWARE,
IT CARRIES A TERRIBLE CURSE.
OH, THAT'S BAD.
BUT IT COMES WITH
\hA FREE FROGURT.
THAT'S GOOD.
THE FROGURT IS ALSO CURSED.
THAT'S BAD.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBUT YOU GET
\hYOUR CHOICE
OF TOPPINGS.
THAT'S GOOD.
\h\h\h\hTHE TOPPINGS CONTAIN
POTASSIUM BENZOATE.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hTHAT'S BAD.
CAN I GO NOW?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, SON.
GREAT CAESAR'S GHOST!
A TALKING KRUSTY DOLL!
I'm Krusty the Clown,
and I love you
\h\hvery much.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hOH, DAD,
THIS IS THE BEST BIRTHDAY
\h\h\h\h\hI'VE EVER HAD.
THAT DOLL IS EVIL,
\h\h\hI TELLS YOU.
EVIL. EVIL!
GRANDPA, YOU SAID THAT
ABOUT ALL THE PRESENTS.
I JUST WANT ATTENTION.
And in environmental news,
scientists have announced
that Springfield's air
\his now only dangerous
to children and the elderly.
WHOO-HOO!
I'm Krusty the Clown,
and I don't like you.
( laughing )
\h\h\h\h\hI'm Krusty the Clown,
and I'm going to kill you.
\h\hDIDN'T EVEN PULL
THE STRING THAT TIME.
I said I'm going to kill you.
You, Homer Simpson.
OH, YEAH?
WITH WHAT?
HAH!
( screaming )
HOMER, WHAT'S WRONG?
THAT DOLL TRIED
\hTO KILL ME.
I'D SAY THAT THE PRESSURE'S
\h\hFINALLY GOTTEN TO DAD,
BUT WHAT PRESSURE?
DON'T LEAVE ME ALONE WITH HIM.
( laughing maniacally )
( laughing stops )
( laughing resumes )
♪ MY BOLOGNA HAS A FIRST NAME ♪
♪ IT'S H-O-M-E-R ♪
♪ MY BOLOGNA HAS A SECOND NAME ♪
( screaming )
( screaming continues )
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hTHERE GOES
THE LAST LINGERING THREAD
OF MY HETEROSEXUALITY.
Hey, baby, get comfortable.
Relax.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hIt's a little hot
for that cheerleader outfit,
don't you think?
You think your dirty socks
\h\h\h\h\hcan stop me?
\hWell, they are
making me dizzy.
Ohh...
( wolf howls )
GOOD-BYE, DOLLY.
ARRIVEDERCI, VITO.
\h\h\h\h\hI WAS A FOOL
TO THINK ANYONE WOULD WANT
\h\h\hNUDE PHOTOS
OF WHOOPI GOLDBERG.
WHAT THE..?
AND THAT IS THAT.
Guess who, fat boy!
MARGE, MARGE, LOOK!
OH MY GOD!
\h\h\hTHE DOLL'S
TRYING TO KILL ME,
\h\hAND THE TOASTER'S
BEEN LAUGHING AT ME.
( gurgling )
EWW, DOG WATER!
YOUR DOLL IS TRYING
TO KILL MY HUSBAND.
YES, I'LL HOLD.
♪ Everybody loves a clown,
\h\h\h\hso why don't you? ♪
( grunting )
YEP, HERE'S YOUR PROBLEM.
SOMEONE SET THIS THING
\h\h\h\h\hTO EVIL.
I love you, Homer.
COME HERE, YOU.
Here you go, buddy.
DID YOU WALK THE DOG?
Yeah, he buried me
a couple of times.
YEAH, DOGS LIKE TO BURY
\h\h\h\h\hOLD JUNK.
Yeah, you stupid idiot.
Oh, what a day.
Homer made me give him
\h\h\h\ha sponge bath.
Eww!
\hBut coming home to you
makes it all worthwhile.
Uh-oh, here, let me
\hget that for you.
\h\h...SO THEN HIS WIFE
COMES THROUGH THE DOOR.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSO?
DID I MENTION
SHE WAS DEAD?
NO.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWELL, SHE WAS.
AND SHE HIT HIM IN THE HEAD
WITH A GOLF CLUB.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAND?
DON'T YOU REMEMBER,
HE WENT GOLFING
\hALL THE TIME,
AND IT REALLY BUGGED HER.
YOU SAID HE WENT BOWLING.
D-OHHH!
\h\hHOMER, I'VE COUGHED UP
SCARIER STUFF THAN THAT.
\h\h\hBart:
GRANDPA...
WHY DON'T YOU TELL
\h\h\h\h\hUS A STORY.
YOU'VE LED AN
INTERESTING LIFE.
\h\hTHAT'S A LIE,
AND YOU KNOW IT!
\hBUT I HAVE SEEN
A LOT OF MOVIES.
MY NAME IS MARGE BOUVIER.
I'M HERE ABOUT YOUR AD.
"SINGLE WHITE FEMALE WANTED
FOR MYSTERIOUS EXPEDITION.
"MUST LIKE MONKEYS.
NON-SMOKER PREFERRED."
\h\h\h\hWE'LL YOU'D BE
A WELCOME CHANGE OF PACE
FROM THE REST OF THESE CRUDE
\h\h\h\h\hAND UNCOUTH SAILORS.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hARGH!
ARGH!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hARGH!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hARGH!
ARGH!
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
\h\h\h\h\hSMITHERS?
I THINK WOMEN AND SEAMEN
\h\h\h\h\hDON'T MIX.
WE KNOW WHAT YOU THINK.
YOUNG LADY,
YOU'RE HIRED.
( laughing maniacally )
HEY, I HEARD WE'RE GOING
\h\h\h\h\hTO APE ISLAND.
YEAH, TO CAPTURE A GIANT APE.
\h\hI WISH WE WERE GOING
TO CANDY APPLE ISLAND.
CANDY APPLE ISLAND?
WHAT DO THEY GOT THERE?
\h\h\h\h\h\hAPES--
BUT THEY'RE NOT SO BIG.
\h\h\h( chanting: )
HOMER, HOMER, HOMER.
HEY, WHO'S THIS HOMER DUDE?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHE'S EITHER
A 50-FOOT PREHISTORIC APE
OR A TOURIST TRAP CONCOCTED
BY THE APE ISLAND JAYCEES.
\h\h\h\hEITHER WAY,
WE'RE GOING ASHORE.
AM I GOING TOO?
OF COURSE, WE WOULDN'T THINK
OF GOING WITHOUT THE BAIT...
\h\h\h\h\hUH, THAT IS,
THE BAIT-THING BEAUTY...
THE BATHING BEAUTY.
I COVERED THAT UP PRETTY WELL.
\h\h( chanting: )
HOMER, HOMER, HOMER
HOMER, HOMER, HOMER,
HOMER...
\h\h\h\hBurns:
JUST TRY TO REMAIN
\h\hINCONSPICUOUS.
( speaking native language )
WHAT'S HE SAYING?
HE'S SAYING, UH...
"WE WOULDN'T DREAM
\h\h\h\hOF SACRIFICING
THE BLUE-HAIRED WOMAN."
\h\hOH, WELL,
ISN'T THAT...
WHOA!
( yelling )
( grunting )
( gong crashes )
D-OHHH!
( echoing: )
\h\h\h\h\h D-OHHH!
( screaming )
\h\h\hSMITHERS, THIS IS
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY.
\h\h\hIF WE GET HIM ALIVE,
WE CAN PUT HIM ON BROADWAY.
DEAD-- WE'LL SELL MONKEY STEW
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hTO THE ARMY.
( chuckles )
OOH!
YOU KEEP YOUR HANDS
TO YOURSELF, MISTER!
( sniffing )
( purrs )
( giggling )
\h\h\h\h\hBurns:
\h\hNOW, WE DON'T
WANT TO KILL HIM.
SHOOT HIM AROUND THE GROIN
\h\h\h\h\h\hAND BELLY.
( roaring )
( screaming )
HEY, HOMER, CUT IT OUT.
COME ON, QUIT EATING ME.
OW!
NICE SHOT, CARL.
( muffled cries )
( crunching )
( gulps )
( belches )
ALL RIGHT, YOU BIG APE.
\hGET A SNOOTFUL
OF THIS GAS BOMB.
( hissing )
( moaning )
\h\h\h\h♪ I WAS STROLLING
THROUGH THE GAS ONE DAY... ♪
( roaring )
( yawning )
( snoring )
NICE WORK, SMITHERS.
\h\h\h\hWHEN WE GET BACK,
I'M GIVING YOU A RAISE.
OH, WELL.
( roaring )
\h\h\h\h\hWHAT KIND OF SHOW
YOU GOT FOR US, MR. BURNS?
WELL, THE APE'S GOING
\h\h\h\hTO STAND AROUND
FOR THREE HOURS OR SO.
THEN WE'LL CLOSE
\h\hWITH THE ETHNIC COMEDY
OF DUGAN AND DERSHOWITZ.
SENSATIONAL!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, IN HIS
NATIVE LAND, HE WAS A KING,
BUT HE COMES BEFORE YOU
\h\h\h\h\hIN CHAINS
FOR YOUR OWN AMUSEMENT.
\h\h\h\h\hPRESENTING HOMER,
THE EIGHTH WONDER OF THE WORLD!
( audience gasping )
WOW, LOOK AT THE SIZE
\h\hOF THAT PLATFORM!
( frightened grunting )
( roaring )
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI THINK
YOU'RE MAKING HIM ANGRY.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCOME ON,
WHAT'S HE GOING TO DO--
\h\h\h\h\h\hRUN AMOK
IN DOWNTOWN SPRINGFIELD?
( roaring )
( audience screaming )
( screaming )
HEY, MONKEY, WANT A PEANUT?
I SAID ONE!
( grunting )
♪ ON THE GOOD SHIP LOLLYPOP ♪
♪ IT'S A SWEET TRIP
TO THE CANDY SHOP ♪
♪ WHERE BONBONS... ♪
\h( roaring )
( screaming )
( muffled screams
\hand crunching )
I'M DREADING THE REVIEWS,
\h\hI CAN TELL YOU THAT.
OH, HI, HOMEY.
( screaming )
( grunts )
( gasping )
OH...
HE'S SURE TAKING
\hHIS SWEET TIME.
BETTER REFUEL.
YOU KNOW, YOU LOOK
A LITTLE FLUSHED.
\hMAYBE YOU SHOULD
EAT MORE VEGETABLES
AND LESS PEOPLE.
UH-HUH.
( gasping )
( moaning )
( groaning )
HE'S NOT DEAD!
NO, BUT HIS CAREER IS.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI REMEMBER
WHEN AL JOLSON RAN AMOK
AT THE WINTER GARDEN
\h\h\h\hAND CLIMBED
THE CHRYSLER BUILDING.
\h\hAFTER THAT, HE COULDN'T
GET ARRESTED IN THIS TOWN.
( pitiful moaning )
DON'T WORRY, HOMEY.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU.
\h\h\h( organ playing
"Trumpet Voluntary" )
ARE YOU WITH THE BRIDE
\h\h\h\h\hOR GROOM?
( chattering )
RIGHT THIS WAY.
\h\hFOLKS, IF YOU
COULD JUST STOP
CLEANING EACH OTHER
\h\hFOR A SECOND.
\h\h\hWAIT, WAIT, MARGE,
I CAN'T FIND YOUR FATHER.
( crunching and slurping )
( belches )
OH, HOMER.
NOW, KIDS, INSTEAD OF CANDY,
\h\h\h\h\hI THOUGHT I'D SERVE
AN ARRAY OF HEALTHY
\h\h\hFRESH FRUITS.
( kids grumbling )
FRUIT IS NATURE'S CANDY.
( grumbling grows louder )
WHOA!
( eerie moaning )
( screaming )
HEY, HI, FELLOW HALLOWEENIES.
DID I SCAREDILLY-DARE YOU?
\h\h\h\h( gasping: )
WHY... DA-DA-DARN IT.
NICE TRY, MR. FLANDERS,
BUT I'VE GOT A STORY SO SCARY
\h\h\hYOU'LL WET YOUR PANTS.
TOO LATE.
FROM A-APPLE TO Z-ZEBRA,
BABY'S FIRST POP-UP BOOK
\h\h\h\h\hIS 26 PAGES
OF ALPHABETIC ADVENTURE.
BART, YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
YOU READ A BOOK INTENDED
\h\hFOR PRE-SCHOOLERS?
WELL, MOST OF IT.
YOU HAVE TO READ ANOTHER BOOK.
"FIND WALDO YET AGAIN."
\h\hMAN, HE'S JUST
NOT TRYING ANYMORE.
GEE, NEVER NOTICED THAT
\h\h\h\h\h\hBEFORE.
( chittering )
\h\h\h\h\hOW!
WHAT'S THIS?
EVIL.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hEVIL.
MADNESS.
BEWARE.
WA.
COOL!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h OW.
OW.
( sighing )
\h\h\h\h\h\hCHAPTER 8,
LET'S TALK ZOMBIES.
"IF A ZOMBIE BITES YOU,
\hYOU BECOME A ZOMBIE.
"YOU MUST WALK THE EARTH
"FEEDING ON THE BRAINS
\h\h\h\h\hOF THE LIVING
UNTIL THE SPELL IS BROKEN."
BART, DON'T YOU REMEMBER
\h\hTHAT SNOWBALL I DIED
FOUR YEARS AGO TONIGHT?
\h\h\h\hRUN OVER BY THE MAYOR'S
BEER-SWILLING BROTHER, CLOVIS.
HEY, MAYBE THERE'S
\h\hELIN HERE
THAT'LL BRING HER
BACK FROM THE DEAD.
LET'S SEE WHAT WE'VE GOT.
"HOW TO GET YOUR SKELETONS
\h\h\h\hTHEIR WHITEST."
\h"SELLING YOUR SOUL
IN A BUYERS' MARKET."
\h\h\h\hAH, HERE WE ARE:
"HOW TO RAISE THE DEAD."
( laughing maniacally )
( thunder crashing )
\h\h\h( chanting solemnly: )
CULLEN, RAYBURN, NARZ, TREBEK.
ZABAR, KRESGE,
CALDOR, WAL-MART!
( tortured growling )
\h\h\h\h\h\hLisa:
IT'S NOT WORKING.
( sighing )
\hBART, YOU CAST
THE WRONG SPELL!
ZOMBIES!
\h\h\h\h\h\hPLEASE, LISE,
THEY PREFER TO BE CALLED
THE LIVING-IMPAIRED.
THERE, PRETTY AS A PICTURE.
( growling )
ACH! ZOMBIES!
THERE, PRETTY AS A PICTURE.
WELL, HOWDY, STRANGERS.
WHAT CAN I DO YOU FOR?
BRAINS.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBRAINS.
WHY, SUE DOLKES,
\h\h\hYOU RASCAL.
\h\h\h\hI THOUGHT
YOU WERE DEAD AND--
( Flanders screaming )
DAD WE DID SOMETHING VERY BAD!
\h\h\h\hDID YOU WRECK THE CAR?
NO.
\h\h\hDID YOU RAISE THE DEAD?
YES!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBUT THE CAR'S OKAY?
Both:
UH-HUH.
ALL RIGHT THEN.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMartin Prince,
report to my office at once.
AND BRING THAT BIG, JUICY,
\hCHESS CLUB BRAIN OF YOURS
ALONG WITH YOU.
( lips smacking )
( whimpering )
\h\h\h\h\h\hHEY, KIDS
LOOK WHAT YOU CAN WIN
IN THE KRUSTY SWEEPSTAKES.
( screaming )
( muzak )
\h\hTO ENTER, SEND ME
YOUR PARENTS' BRAINS
OR WRITE "PARENTS' BRAINS"
\h\h\h\h\hON A 3x5 CARD
AND SEND IT TO...
\h\hHOMER, DID YOU
BARRICADE THE DOOR?
WHY?
OH, THE ZOMBIES. NO.
( screaming )
SPARE MY FAMILY.
TAKE ME. TAKE ME.
HMM.
( hollow tapping )
BRAINS!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBRAINS!
BRAINS.
I THOUGHT DABBLING
\hIN THE BLACK ARTS
\hWOULD BE GOOD
FOR A CHUCKLE.
HOW WRONG I WAS.
I SHOULD HAVE NEVER
\h\h\hREAD THAT BOOK.
WAIT, BART, MAYBE THE LIBRARY
\h\h\h\h\h\hHAS ANOTHER BOOK
THAT WILL REVERSE
\h\h\hTHE SPELL.
IT'S OUR ONLY HOPE.
TO THE BOOK DEPOSITORY!
( tortured growling )
HEY, SIMPSON.
I'M FEELING A MIGHT PECKISH.
MIND IF I CHEW YOUR EAR?
( gasping )
\h\h\hDAD, YOU KILLED
THE ZOMBIE FLANDERS!
HE WAS A ZOMBIE?
KZMB, all-zombie radio.
( eerie moaning )
\h\h\h\hTHE ZOMBIES HAVE
THE EARTHLINGS ON THE RUN.
\hSOON THE HUMAN RACE
WILL WITHER AND FALL
LIKE THE EARTH PLUMS
\h\h\h\h\h\hWE HAVE SEEN
ON THE OBSERVASCOPE.
( evil laughter )
OW! CAREFUL.
NOT THE FACE.
( munching and moaning )
BARNEY, NOT YOU TOO?
I'M NOT A ZOMBIE.
BUT HEY, WHEN IN ROME...
WOW!
GEORGE WASHINGTON!
TAKE THAT, WASHINGTON.
( gunshot )
EAT LEAD, EINSTEIN.
SHOW'S OVER, SHAKESPEARE.
\h\h\h\hIS THIS THE END
OF ZOMBIE SHAKESPEARE?
HURRY, BART!
KOLCHAK, MANNIX,
BANACEK, DANNO!
WHAT'S WRONG?
UH... I NEVER
\h\hREALIZED
\h\h\h\h\h\hWHAT A BEAUTIFUL
YOUNG WOMAN YOU'VE BECOME.
OH.
TROJAN, RAMSES,
MAGNUM, SHEIK!
( zombies groaning )
SEE YOU IN HELL.
\h\h\h\hSTILL PUSHING THAT BOULDER?
UH-HUH.
\h\hEXCUSE ME,
I'M JOHN SMITH.
JOHN SMITH, 1882?
MY MISTAKE.
\h\h\h\hTHE ZOMBIES
THAT PLAGUED OUR TOWN
\hARE NOW JUST CORPSES
ROTTING IN OUR STREETS.
( crowd cheering )
WELL, I'M SURE GLAD WE DIDN'T
\hTURN INTO MINDLESS ZOMBIES.
SHH, TV.
\h( thudding noise )
( canned laughter )
MAN FALL DOWN...
FUNNY.
All: MMMM.
\h\h\hCaptioned by VISUAL DATA
Your Closed Captioning Resource
\h\h\h\h--www.visualdatainc.com--
( pipe organ plays )